the rest of your thesis is as
intelligent as you are you are certain
to graduate with honors and that'll be
the beginning of a brilliant career in
the ivy-covered halls of Harvard
Montgomery Kessler was at the top of his
class
Parvez have any standards left and
letting anyone who's bright but all it
took was one little slip this isn't to
some thrown paper you know this is my
life to bring in face to face with
reality don't burn any more pages you
want something I need something for each
night's lodging one page there are 88
pages in that thesis there are 83 pages
now you're unbelievable you really get
my thesis somewhere to get it tonight
I'll talk I mean to give me the whole
thing okay we've done a great job we're
talking anything so far wearing my role
okay if that's how you feel about it
don't let me catch you wearing any of my
things I have a plan and taking into
Social Security I'm gonna get him
disability benefits all right gob pfth I
get do you have evidence of burry I'm
sitting here in a lady what do you think
I have my spontaneous combustion I still
don't think I'm you do let me show you
my life
Warner Brothers presents Joe Pesci as a
scholar of the streets are you a student
in this class
nah I'm a bum but bear in mind I'm a
Harvard who gives four students a reason
to open their hearts if a woman is
willing to give you her love it's the
greatest gift in the world
and their minds to love free to feed the
remainder of life with one our fullest
and freedom one grief our madness and
joy Joe Pesci Brendan Fraser Moira Kelly
with honors I know once we got to know
each other we'd hit it off famously